Update tedge plugin specs after c8y-mapper change (#2216)
thin-edge/thin-edge.io: docs/src/references/tedge-configuration-management.md

tedge mqtt sub 'te/device/main///cmd/config_snapshot/+'
```

> When a new config snapshot command with the ID "1234" for the device name "example" is published by another component, it appears as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a new config snapshot command with the ID "1234" is published for the device named "example" by another component, it appears as follows.
```

I would even consider to fully rewrite the sentence.

To start a new config snapshot with the ID "1234" on the device named "example", a component has to publish the following message over MQTT:

> When a new config snapshot command with the ID "1234" is published for the device named "example" by another component, it appears as follows.

Author: ```suggestion
To start a new config snapshot with the ID "1234" on the device named "example", a component has to publish the following message over MQTT:
```
